Supported modules
=================

scene
-----

Function name       | Info
------------------- | -------------
stroke_weight       | supported
no_stroke           | supported
no_fill             | supported
no_tint             | supported
size                | not supported
push_matrix         | not supported
pop_matrix          | not supported
rotate              | not supported
translate           | not supported
scale               | not supported
load_image          | supported
image               | supported
blend_mode          | not supported
background          | supported
rect                | supported
ellipse             | supported
fill                | supported
stroke              | supported
tint                | supported
get_image_path      | supported
load_image_file     | not supported
line                | not supported
get_screen_scale    | not supported
unload_image        | supported
image_quad          | not supported
load_raw_image_data | supported
render_text         | supported
